These terms and conditions (the &quot;Terms and Conditions&quot;) govern the use of
www.crownix.com.au (the &quot;Site&quot;).
This Site is owned and operated by Crownix Pty Ltd. This Site is a property
development and construction services platform.
By using this Site, you indicate that you have read and understand these Terms and
Conditions and agree to abide by them at all times.

Intellectual Property
All content published and made available on our Site is the property of Crownix Pty
Ltd and the Site&#39;s creators.
This includes, but is not limited to, images, text, logos, documents, downloadable
files and anything that contributes to the composition of our Site.

Acceptable Use
As a user of our Site, you agree to use our Site legally, not to use our Site for illegal
purposes, and not to:
 Harass or mistreat other users of our Site;
 Violate the rights of other users of our Site;
 Violate the intellectual property rights of the Site owners or any third party to
the Site;
 Hack into the account of another user of the Site;
 Act in any way that could be considered fraudulent; or
 Post any material that may be deemed inappropriate or offensive.
If we believe you are using our Site illegally or in a manner that violates these Terms
and Conditions,
we reserve the right to limit, suspend or terminate your access to our Site.
We also reserve the right to take any legal steps necessary to prevent you from
accessing our Site.

Third Party Goods and Services
Our Site may offer goods and services from third parties.
We cannot guarantee the quality or accuracy of goods and services made available
by third parties on our Site.

Links to Other Websites
Our Site contains links to third party websites or services that we do not own or
control.
We are not responsible for the content, policies, or practices of any third party
website or service linked to on our Site.
It is your responsibility to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of these
third party websites before using these sites.

Limitation of Liability
Crownix Pty Ltd, and our directors, officers, agents, employees, subsidiaries, and
affiliates will not be liable for any actions, claims, losses, damages, liabilities, and
expenses including legal fees arising from your use of the Site.

Indemnity
Except where prohibited by law, by using this Site you indemnify and hold harmless
Crownix Pty Ltd
and our directors, officers, agents, employees, subsidiaries, and affiliates from any
actions, claims, losses, damages, liabilities, and expenses including legal fees
arising out of your use of our Site or your violation of these Terms and Conditions.

Applicable Law
These Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of the State of New South
Wales, Australia.

Severability
If at any time any of the provisions set forth in these Terms and Conditions are found
to be inconsistent or invalid under applicable laws,
those provisions will be deemed void and will be removed from these Terms and
Conditions.
All other provisions will not be affected by the removal and the rest of these Terms
and Conditions will still be considered valid.

Changes
These Terms and Conditions may be amended from time to time in order to maintain
compliance with the law and to reflect any changes

to the way we operate our Site and the way we expect users to behave on our Site.
We will notify users by email of changes to these Terms and Conditions or post a
notice on our Site.

Contact Details
Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns.
Our contact details are as follows:
Crownix Pty Ltd
Email: info@crownix.com.au
You can also contact us through the feedback form available on our Site.

Effective Date: 10th day of November, 2025